hey guys it is hit you here again and
going to be using today's advanced
tutorial for something a little bit
different because I've lately been
focusing on amazes and how I can use
wound craft in that over there turn the
upstairs of my lab a little bit into a
demonstration of that and I'm going to
use the next couple of advanced
tutorials to demonstrate some things
I've done with moon crafts to make mazes
a little different so as you can see
I've got a sort of a shape m passageway
here if I hit this button suddenly it's
different and that's not just face
blocks that's a mixture of phase blocks
and pistons because them as you can see
I've got half slabs down here so i can
activate their ruin craft pressure
sensors whilst people are walking over
the floor but i need to get it so that
the half slab is replaced with a solid
brick here and I don't do that then
it'll look obvious and you can tell
they'll be able to be something there so
this patrol is basically going to be
about that switching process that turns
one block into another using phase
blocks and distance start off I'm going
to need some basics just a line of those
blocks on the lock block here and I need
to pick one which I want to replace ok
so here's the setup I've got two sticky
pistons here controlling those bottom
steps and steps behind this lock block
here toggles this wall and what I want
to happen is for the face blocks toggle
off and then these two step forward
eggby push forwards but on the redstone
signal going off I want these to retract
and then this to flick in so it's a one
to one option a is what I'm trying to
create with redstone here now from this
lever here I found the best way is to
have the pistons on a two or three
extension and then leading into the lock
block because a lesser-known attribute
of lock blocks is when the block is
powered then the face blocks are on but
if the block itself is unpowered then
the face blocks toggle off so you can
actually use redstone with them
directly and so yes I found the best way
to go about this is to create an and
gate and to run it that way the first
and toggle thing there should be instant
and the second one over here should be
on for put a piece of line in between
there so the first thing that happens is
well I shall demonstrate to you without
having anything live you see when this
toggles off first thing that happens is
this torch turns on and that turns off
then this goes and then that goes so the
result is more or less that it toggles
off instantly and toggles on last 5th at
work it's also the however it needs an
inverter before I forget about that
because they need to be out of phase so
that when this is on that is off and
vice versa so hopefully when I flick
this switch everything will go exactly
according to plan the phase blocks will
flip off and then pistons will extend
exactly and in Reverse yes perfect I'll
lead this wire round so you can see it
from the front okay and to demonstrate
perfect sick sequence them
the face blocks always happened first or
last depending and pistons in between
and random Anderman aside and so I did
with that technology was to make it into
a day and night indicator daytime
nighttime thanks and say an aboveground
day and night sensor you just stick one
of these in your underground base or
somewhere in door and you'd always know
whether it was day or night whether it
was safe or not to go outside so thank
you guys for watching that I hope you
liked this video do drop any comments
below and subscribe if you want to see
more as a quick note to all you regular
viewers out there I'm going to be away
in various different countries over the
next three weeks driving myself to the
point of physical exhaustion and
hopefully winning a couple of shiny
medals I will try and upload some videos
whilst I'm away and i will i'll see you
guys in three weeks at least cheers
you